the easiest way to get clients for your
ad agency it's funny everyone thinks
it's easy for me to close business even
with the brand it's never easy you
always have to work hard to close deals
and when i started off it was even
harder because i didn't have a brand or
the experience
yeah i still got to where i am today
because i was able to close deals early
on and i continually use that money to
reinvest so if you have an agency today
i'm going to share with you a strategy
that's worked for me when i was starting
out and it still works today it'll take
you some work
but if you put in the energy you will
close deals best of all you don't need
any sales skills instead you just have
to share your marketing skills or
whatever you're good at and your agency
focus on so let me break down what i
mean how you can close new business oh
and i forgot to mention it works no
matter what country you live in and you
don't need any money to do it have you
heard of a site called crunchbase it's a
site that breaks down all the venture
funded companies it tells you who their
investors are the founders how much
money they even raise
now what i want you to do is look for
companies and websites on crunchbase
that recently raise
millions of dollars all the way up to 20
million
you don't want to look for sites that
raise more than 20 million dollars like
if someone raised 100 million dollars
this strategy just doesn't work for too
large of corporations or if it does work
it's a very slim chance but with smaller
ones it works extremely well and what
you want to do is tear down everything
that they're doing wrong from a
marketing or a design perspective or
whatever services your agency offers
that is what i want you to focus with
that tear down so if you offered paid ad
management then you would tear down
their website from a paid ad perspective
and if they don't do paid ads you would
talk to them about how they're missing a
big opportunity and what results they
could expect if they were doing paid ass
if you offer conversion rate
optimization services break down how
they can improve their conversion rates
if you offer design services break down
how they can make their website more
usable you get the point but the key is
to be very specific in your tear down
you have to use screenshots breakdown
solutions and know your solutions can't
be hire me you literally have to tell
them how to fix everything step by step
even to decide to do it on their own
without paying you the more specific you
get the better this strategy will work
now what i want you to do is email off a
few of the investors and founders that
you find be kind of course with your
email but talk about your findings what
they're doing wrong and how they can
grow faster if you can't find people's
email address use hunter.io
as this will show you people's email
address if you put their domain name in
and that's really it all you have to do
is send off that email and at the bottom
of the email let them know hey if you
just want me to fix all this for you i'm
happy willing to work with you
and when you're doing this the reason i
said you need to send it off to
investors and the founder if you send
the email off to both the investors and
the founder in the same thread there's a
good chance that they will respond much
higher than if you just emailed the
founder alone from what i tested and as
a bonus if you have the extra time
record it right do this tear down in a
video
do screen recordings it converts even
better requires a little bit more work
but it converts better and once you do
this you'll find that the fraction of
the people that you email will convert
typically one out of every four to five
emails assuming your teardown is good
and you're emailing people you know
really solid step-by-step instructions
that they can just implement on their
own so try this out it works well when i
started my ad agency np digital i use
this at the very beginning it helped us
become the sixth fastest growing ad
agency according to adweek so now you
know it works now if you have any
questions leave a comment below i'm here
to help if you enjoy the video like it
share it tell the people about it thank
you for watching